IDE integration instructions (#190)
jetpack-io/devbox: docs/app/docs/ide_integration/vscode.md

---

> title: VSCode integration

Reviewer: Similar note, make this configuration

---

## Java
___

> VS Code is used for development of many different languages. In the guide below, we cover setting up a Java environment that's created inside devbox shell to work with VS Code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
VS Code is a popular editor that supports many different programming languages. This guide covers how to configure VS Code to work with a devbox Java environment.
```

### Setting up Run and Debugger
To create a devbox shell make sure to have devbox installed. If you don't have devbox installed follow the installation guide first. Then follow the steps below:

1. `devbox init` if you don't have a devbox.json in the root directory of your project.
2. `devbox add jdk` to make sure jdk gets installed in your devbox shell.
3. `devbox shell` to activate and go into your devbox shell.

> 4. `which java` and copy the path to your executable java binary inside the devbox shell. It should be something like this:

Reviewer: Would you need to do this for all of your packages as well? E.g., if you're using Gradle with Java, or calling out to some other library -- Your IDE would not be aware of those unless you explicitly configure the path, correct?

> 4. `which java` and copy the path to your executable java binary inside the devbox shell. It should be something like this:

Reviewer 2: We can now combine these two steps thanks to `devbox shell -- <cmd>`:

```shell
$ devbox shell -- 'command -v java'
Installing nix packages. This may take a while...
Starting a devbox shell...
/nix/store/qaf9wyzymdij19qxyw7208s72lajz65b-zulu17.34.19-ca-jdk-17.0.3/bin/java
```
